+++
title = "July Newsletter"
date = 2021-07-07
+++

Greetings!

Welcome to our newly-formed Mahoning Valley DSA Organizing Committee.  We’ve merged with the Trumbull County DSA to add Mahoning and Columbiana Counties to our organizing area in order to build a more powerful, sustainable movement.  We have two main events scheduled for this month:  Town Hall meeting at Boardman Park on July 24th and the Pride Festival on Courthouse Square in Warren on July 31.

Town Hall Meeting

The Town Hall meeting scheduled for Saturday, July 24, 2021 is intended to be an open forum for discussion of what direction to take our chapter over the coming year.  Since we won't have major state or national elections until 2022, this is an opportunity for us to decide how to be better involved in our community.  We will need to hold officer elections soon, but right now, before we can have a meaningful election, we need to get to know one another and what sort of roles each of us can fill in the organization.  Come prepared to talk about local issues and ideas for how you can get active with DSA.  

We will meet in the Edgewood Pavilion starting at 12 pm noon.  Expect the meeting to run two hours long.  

Pride in Courthouse Square

Mahoning Valley DSA will have a booth at Pride where we will be interacting with the local community about the new organization of DSA in our area and talking to people about Medicare for All, H.R. 1976.  We will have some yard signs to distribute and literature, but mostly, this is a fantastic opportunity for us to engage folks about socialism as a viable political alternative. If you would like to volunteer to sit for an hour or two at our booth on July 31, 2021, please contact Julie Stout... julieannstout@gmail.com, and we'll be glad to have you!

Social Media

Our local organizing committee has a Discord channel for conversation between meetings.  We discuss local and national politics, joke around, share book reviews, and generally hang out online.  It's free and we'd love for you to join the conversation!  Email mahoningvalleydsa@gmail.com and we will send you a link to join us online.

The oppressed must be the protagonists of our own liberation. Join us!

Sincerely,

Julie Stout

Co-Chair, Mahoning Valley DSA
