+++
title = "August Newsletter"
date = 2021-08-10
+++
AUGUST EVENTS

Social night planned for 7pm on Monday, August 16, 2021 at West Side Bowl in Youngstown. This is their regular trivia night at the bowling alley.  We can have a DSA trivia team, or you can just hang out and get to know other socialists from our area.  Nonmembers and socialist-curious are welcome. 

The business meeting for this month will be held on zoom on Thursday, August 26, 2021 at 7pm.  On the agenda will be discussion of changes made at the national convention on how we can use their tax ID and avoid incorporation expenses.  Register here to attend online: Meeting Registration - Zoom

JULY RECAP

Welcome to all of the fresh faces who were able to turn out for our July town hall meeting that was held in Boardman Park.  Thank you to everybody who volunteered at our table at PRIDE on Courthouse Square.  Community outreach events like these give us the opportunity to present socialism to thousands of people who don’t know we exist. 

Our phone bank to get out the vote for Nina Turner was not a great success.  It is a great disappointment to everyone who supports Medicare for All that she lost the Democratic primary for the 11th congressional district.  On the bright side, we were able to train two new callers who had never phonebanked before, building DSA’s capacity for future campaigns.

Earlier In August, three of our members, Julie S., Daphne C., and Caitlin G. served as at-large delegates to the 2021 National Convention: From the Ashes of the Old- Socialism for a New Tomorrow August 1 to August 8. Due to the Covid-19 outbreak, the biannual convention took place online. “Mom”rade Julie S. gave a rousing speech on the floor in support of Resolution 23: Childcare for All, which passed overwhelmingly. It will make resources available to chapters across the United States to wage campaigns for childcare in their jurisdictions.  Speeches from Rashida Tlaib, Dilma Rousseff, and India Walton are available to watch on YouTube.

DISCORD

We would love for you to join our online socialist community on the Mahoning Valley DSA discord channel.  In order to receive an invitation, email mahoningvalleydsa@gmail.com.  Once you receive your invitation, it is good for 24 hours. 

Calendar
- August 16            Social Night at West Side Bowl   7pm
- August 26            Monthly business meeting         7pm
